good morning and welcome to another
university vlog today is Sunday the 8th
of March so it's International Women's
Day and today I'm going to be going to
the library to study also only say a big
thank you to bling kissed for sponsoring
today's video and I will be talking
about them later in the video so before
leaving for the library I had a shower
and just a really nice lazy morning then
I got ready so I packed my bag of course
I had to put on my scarf and coat
because even though it's March it is
still very very cold outside and since I
was planning on going to the gym later I
also put on these trainers because
they're the only ones that I have with
me at university then I filled up my hot
water bottle because hydration is key
when you're studying so today it is
Sunday and pretty quiet on the streets
even though it's like
10:45 I don't usually study in the
library but today I thought I would give
it a go
I don't know how busy it's going to be
obviously and I coming up to
dissertation season but hopefully I'll
have a really good productive day and
library and I will bring you along with
me
[Music]
so whenever I walked campus I liked to
be listening to something because the
University cities are very walk focused
and you have to be walking around a lot
and I like to make sure that I'm not
like wasting time by just walking and
not doing anything else at the same time
we're also in walking I am going to be
listening to plinkus there are so many
books I want to read and blink hist
basically condenses books down to 15
minutes
oceans of them's asked Jacob logarithm
there is nothing to be doing as I'm
walking to campus today when I got the
library I had two books I needed to
return
[Music]
and then I set up my workstation and the
first thing they had to do of course was
disinfect the table because you can't be
too careful and then I just got one of
my things out
[Music]
I started out by going through my bullet
journal and making a to-do list slash
timetable of exactly what I was going to
do and then I moved on to actually doing
some work so I was researching resources
that I could use for my summative essay
and just going through loads of
different papers on Google Scholar and
making a list of the ones I wanted to
read reading through some of them and
then in this clip I'm actually writing
an email which I needed to send and also
doing some more of that research I was
telling you about so this is my final
list
I had read through all of the abstracts
and things for these pieces and I knew
they were all gonna be useful so then I
moved on to annotating the first chapter
of Great Expectations because basically
for this assessment you have to rewrite
the opening of one book in the style of
another so I'm rewriting the beginning
of the waves in the style of Charles
Dickens great expectations so I went
through the first chapter on Kindle this
is a really great way to make notes and
highlights and I basically just made a
note of the key stylistic features
[Music]
and then here I was writing up a summary
of that first chapter
[Music]
and that that was my extra research I
just done some more research on
resources then I just went through the
library and major native books I wanted
to take out I loved getting physical
books when I can
[Music]
and then I headed off so I just packed
up all of my things and by this time it
was about 1
[Music]
okay it's now around 120 so I've been in
the library for not too long like in two
and a half hours and I've decided to go
outside for a little bit
[Music]
this is one of my favorite cases the
next time they have a community each is
[Music]
Oh a surprised by how empty it is hair
like I've never sat here and it been
crowded as retold truly is beautiful so
I just went to my favorite little alcove
and got out my things to read and here's
me just being kind of silly for kids I'm
really happy to back and read who and
for some reason doing an arabesque do
you ask me why
[Music]
guys they bars of yellow and green fell
on the show gilding the ribs of eating
out boats and making the sea Holly and
it's mailed leaves being bluest steel
light almost pierced the thin Swift of
waves as they raced fan-shaped over the
beach
not bad her brows wide opened eyes drew
a straight pathway over the waves
so then after about an hour I headed
over to the gym and I wanted to listen
to a blink his book whilst I was in
there so I decided to listen to you what
the most successful people do before
breakfast and I also listened to one
about trust since they were both under
20 minutes
this basically perfectly timed my 40
minute workout
[Music]
so imagine I did a little bit of quality
a little bit of weight and then some
structure not long ago you got hurt
someone
I can see it in your eyes it's like your
father's car
across your face
[Music]
here knock on leaves and then I headed
back to the library first of all I
wanted to go and find those books that
I'd made a note of and I just loved
browsing libraries even though ice gets
so so distracted because I find so many
books I want to read which aren't even
related to my course surely I'm not the
only one who does that the Charles
Dickens section was very ample indeed
and I found a few I found all of the
books that I've made a note of as well
as a few others
[Music]
then I took my big stack of books over
to a workstation I wasn't going to take
all of these back to my room because
they would be quite heavy and I knew I
could get through most of these whilst
in the library and then I basically went
through three of these books that I'd
taken out and read these I was just
making a note of anything it told me
about the stylistic features of
Victorian novel which I would be able to
put into my summative assessment
[Music]
and look how beautiful the view was for
my study space so I went through three
books one of them was on the Dickens
villain which is the one you can see
here this one was a huge collection of
essays about print culture and Dickens
oh and one was on the serialized novel
and like the features of this and the
consequences that this had for
publications and things
[Music]
so I stayed in the library for a couple
of hours and then I went and put the
books away that I had used and I took
these two ones out both of these who
came to Cambridge companions
once the Victorian novel and one for
Charles Dickens is raining a little bit
which is why I'm wearing my rain hat is
like a tiny bit of drizzle but still
going with the rain hat on the way back
I listened to another blanket
I just finished off brain wash and then
I did a quick food shop quick food haul
some plain coconut yogurt Hale which
unfortunately come from the mushrooms
unfortunately also come in plastic then
I got a cucumber and I got eight red and
I need to wash those last things because
obviously people might have touched them
I made a plan when I got back of the
things I wanted to do that evening and
at the same time I chose to put on Harry
Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban and
just watch this because I haven't
watched Harry Potter in ages and I was
really in the mood for it
[Music]
I listen to the Little Women soundtrack
whilst I was studying this evening I'm
gonna clean my room now
so the first thing my to do they're
supposed to clean my room because it
needed a big sort out I wanted to go
through all of the compartments in my
wardrobe under my bed and just declutter
things a little bit and put everything
back in its right place I also went
through and cleaned everything so
specifically the things that I brought
to campus this day this was very
delivered to my room looks pickins found
afterwards I'm so glad that I spent the
time doing this even though it did take
me about an hour and a half to do in
total
[Music]
I bought this book yesterday and I'm so
excited to read this I just love the old
Penguin orange editions s so pretty I've
also just done a little bit more
academic what I've just done some
practice of like writing out Charles
Dickens get used to writing in that way
so I can get started on that really
tomorrow and now I'm gonna do some
YouTube related things and admin bits
that I need to get done it's 10:00 to
8:00 and I'm hoping this will take me up
till 9:00 and then I'll get nothing
right so this is me choosing my module
choices for next year because the
options that just come out I've just
chosen my modules for next year that
took ages because there are so many good
ones but I think I made my decision and
then here I was doing some work for
pumpkin productivity for about an hour
okay so I think I'm going to round off
the vlog here I'm in my pajamas
including my lovely 100 jumper I just
want to say a big thank you for watching
today's video and a huge thank you to
plinkus for sponsoring today's video I
think blink is just such a cool service
my TBR is so long I can't even tell you
how many books I want to read you know
it literally has so many books a little
time and blinkers means that you can
read some of those books that you
otherwise just wouldn't have time to
read I really love to use blankets for
self-help books literally perfect it's
ideal because you can take the key
takeaways from a book and gather the
wisdom of so many of really cool people
so today I listen to three blankets
books this is the app so it's like
really really easy I listen to brainwash
which I would really really hire highly
recommend if you get blinkers that's the
person you should listen to you I
thought it was really good one I
listened to you in the past and I really
loved was heart so if you do get it I
would recommend that one it's a great
way to just sneak some extra learning
into your day and if you really love
learning like I do then I do think it's
worth looking into
so I do have a link in the description
box which you can take a look at if you
are interested to try blinkers out as I
said I would
recommend it you can get to the first
seven days for free and the first 100
people can also get 25% off their
membership which is really cool so thank
you so much again to blinkers for
sponsoring today's video thank you again
for watching today's video
and I hope that you have a productive
week
[Music]